I am tired of story telling. Even today I was visited by two morons, a boy and a girl. They study at the same college I attended. Called me an alumnus. Tried to offer me a job. Wanted me to speak at their annual event and share my life's lessons with a bunch of spring chickens life themselves. It was disgusting to look at them, with their bright hopeful eyes, ready to run and fetch a twig if I ever threw one. I threw them out

Having lived a life that can be only be called an unfairly long series of tragedies, he spends all his days and nights reminiscing. 


And it's not just that he keeps talking and thinking about what happened, he keeps modifying the stories over and over. In fact even he isn't sure anymore of what really happened. And if someone points out that the story is different from last time, he says things like,"I am only lying out of spite." or "The memory is too painful to retain so I've changed it to feel better.". But the tragic nature of the story remains intact and so do the endings.

We humans are connected yet isolated. It's just a plain simple paradox. I find it unbelievable that such a basic fact of existence is a paradox. What does that say about the rest of life? I can try to answer that but first I should try to finish this book I've been writing for 30 years. Am I so busy crashing through the fabric of time that I've chosen to ignore space? Sorry.

I wish I could write though.
All I wanted was something interesting to do. Never found it. My entire life went by. Nothing good ever came by. I was just asking the wrong questions. Obviously I never found any answers.

I would've done much better if I did something from start to finish on my own. Made a business plan myself, did the due diligence and execution all by myself. But then I would've most likely failed. Would've had to beg before people who would've rejected my work for reasons such as "don't like you".

When I was working in an office, I would mostly read a novel or an engineering manual. At times I had to work, I did it with a sense of trepidation thinking people might reject it or find faults with it. But people liked the work I did. They told me that I do a good job. But many times they rejected it for reasons such as "not required" or "not required anymore". They consoled me by telling me that when I rose to their positions I could reject others' works for the same reasons and the pay would also be much higher.

So I kept on doing whatever I was doing and never tried to change.

Life is easy in these times. No matter what one chooses to do, one can always find a vast body of knowledge on how to do it. It is important to not get intimidated by this body of work. After all, even if there are only a few accepted ways of doing something, one can still follow them and achieve success, which we know is a great feeling.

In the old days, one had to deal with lack of prior knowledge in almost every endeavour. Today all one has to do is fight the market with all its competition and regulation. But no more does one have to worry about inventing a wheel.
It has all been done. Human achievement has already reached levels that our grand parents heard of only in fables.

I find solace in music. Soothing music. For me, listening to music is just like reading a book. It stimulates my thoughts and then I start thinking about everything that's wrong with the world and how I can point this out to the people I meet. I heard many good bands like The Talking Heads and The Strokes who always talked about common things and common problems. I have always found it hard to listen to songs that talk about abstrat and lofty things like love or patriotism. Love and patriotism come later, first come meetings, journeys, buildings, food and water.

I don't meet many new poeple, but the ones I meet are very busy. They are busy earning their salaries and worrying about their lives.

Of course, through the miracles of modern finance, no one is debt free so they can always worry about their loans if they have nothing else.

In the old days when we had more free time and lived in average houses eating average food, having an average time reading mouldy books and listening to bad artists play covers of a few talented ones, we always wanted things to improve. We wanted things to be crisper, cleaner, more organized, and always fun. We worked hard all the time so that we can have fun all the time.

Most people I know work daily for 10 or more hours. They spend less than 7 hours everyday at home or at leisure. They covet their jobs and try to outshine their peers in day to day activities. They want to impress their bosses and be praised for their ideas, which they keep in their heads and keep adding more and more details to till they have great business plans that create the next leap in business. Each leap takes us closer to perfection and we are always looking for such opportunities. I am grateful that I was born in these times when the entire knowledge of the world can be accessed by pressing a few buttons and keys and that there is no place in the world one cannot go to. This is exciting. We can be in the game all the time.

I am wary of the lazy. I wonder why people continue to remain in jobs where they just kill time. It must be their circumstances. What does it mean to them and to society? Does it mean that they don't deserve to live? Does it mean that if they don't act, they will cause themselves immense pain and never be able to live a fun life? Will their children continue this same legacy? Surely they would want their children to have better and meaningful jobs.

Am I beating about the bush? Am I stating the obvious merely to make my point? Am I wasting your time, dear reader?

How can we teach our children? Should we let them attend schools which are attended by lazy children who don't enjoy reading and waste their time watching TV? Will a child who has never attended a regular school feel outcast when he becomes an adult?

As a child I liked to scribble meaningless things, I wasn't the type who sees a set of equations and solves them. I was the kind who draws a leaf around the integral and shades the triangle. I couldn't have solved equations without being taught how to.

Once I was driving to work and at one point in the journey found myself between two huge buses that were so close to my car that if I put my hand out of the window, I could have touched them without even getting my elbow out of the frame. I agree that I have long arms but they aren't the longest by any measure. I was so afraid that I did not move forward until both the buses were ahead of me. Unhappy bus drivers scare me shitless.

It isn't easy living in a place where a lot of people are unhappy. It is even more difficult to live in a place where the people are unhappy because they are too lazy to fight for their happiness. In a place where people are unhappy because of unfortunate circumstances like war or economic downturns, it is still possible to enjoy life with people who are working hard to improve their lot. But in a place where people don't want to end their unhappiness, it is a battle to prevent hair thinning, ulcers, cancers and heart attacks.


When men and women are doing what they cannot stand doing, life is a nightmare. It is a bigger nightmare if these men and women curb and hide their feelings. Several times I found my jokes being enjoyed but then such gatherings never took place again. People would laugh because they were supposed to, not because they wanted to.

The other day I tried getting in touch with an old friend. Actually when I was living with this friend, I was completely depressed and did things without giving them much thought. I was in college and spent most of my time doing drugs and watching sitcoms. I made sure I made fun of others before they could make fun of me. I was a recluse who was forced to go through phases of awkward social interactions. I felt like I was being forced to run a race and was being crushed under expectations. So when I tried to ping this old friend, the first thing he said was,"How is it that you remembered me today, friend?" I said I was just curious about what he was up to and after a few more sentences, the conversation was over and I was left to regret my past in a new context.

I have travelled a lot and lived in many places, met many different people from different walks of life. But I've never stayed in a single place for more than 5 years. How should I feel about this? Should I say that I haven't grown roots or should I say I am well travelled? I can say I am open to a lot of different sensibilities. But can't that be developed studying in a multicultural school? Or does a school turn all its students into a homogenous mass of roughly similar sensibilities?

How much of our destiny is decided by our actions? Can we become oblivious to our actions to the extent that we reach a predictable end?

There are many similarities between sheep and people. Not everyone is like sheep, and those who aren't try to find ways around this. Aggression is one such way that is very popular. I've met many who use rage and loudness to get their co-workers to work. I've also seen these people suffer from health problems and even claim that it is all the shouting and screaming that is responsible for their pains. Yet they cannot see any other way to do their jobs.

The urge to correct others is so overpowering that the faint acceptance of my own mistakes is difficult to make.
