
The feeling of inter connectedness is fine. But the real realisation is that it is trivial. No matter how well you see the dots align, you can never see the end. There is always some dot awry.  It is all a scatter, and therefore you have to let it go awry first so that you can gauge the magnitude of things falling apart.

But life is long mad we'll all be there for a little time. It is not a good sign if the works of the wonderful are rewarded. Then it becomes a drag.


In the wake of this, someone yelled from the flanks," mind the gap buddy!"

And this took a while to sink in given that we were busy crashing through the fabric of time and had chosen to ignore apace.

In the meanwhile it made for spectacular watching. All could see the meteor burning and crashing . Now there is a pile of rocks in that place. This whole space gap became unbearable. Prompting a stunned reaction. The entire thing just became an out of control slide. Avalanche.

Not return.

And the spectators had a splendid time. But there was comfort in the fact that they'll all be there later. We will all see the dead side of things eventually so there is no problem who will see it first or last.

I think it'll be good because I'm an optimist and I have no reason to believe otherwise.

In the space of a decade i saw the whole picture. Thank my parents for taking me along for the ride. It was a truly amazing ride. Long roads, beautiful hills, waterfalls, cars, buildings, even parks sometimes. 

Eating, playing, reading.

What's the word for listening to music?

Great.

But it wasn't a totally free fall down the scary waterfalls. I found rocks. Some strong ones too that broke my fall and I still go sit on them from time to time. The whole scene was based on telephoning. The entire thing!

It took a while to sink in. Many didn't even bother. But I couldn't look away because I loved it.

The rigors made the time painful. We called it diry jobs. A painful reminder to our existence. Things you do despite not wanting to. The game. I call it that because there doesn't seem to be any other game above it as far as humans go.

But I'm sure it's just a paper wall.

Something for everyone. You like and hate. But what are your ass sets. And are you aware of the relations that exist between your ass sets?
I made the mistake of looking down the wrong tube. But in my defence and in my parent's as we'll, we couldn't have known.  The game was too big for us to even notice. It is as big as the sky.

Coming back to dirty jobs, they rigged ATMs. They were doing it for fum initially but then when their ass sets went sour, they started taking it seriously. I mean professionally. That's when the fun went out of the game. And it became their sad, boring life.

The entire time they kept at it, they were looking for reasons to explain their actions. The answer is again so large that it cannot be seen. Like the sky.

But there are better things to do than look for answers or at the sky. Or the sky for answers. Anyways.

So shops. They opened a few as well. When they were bored of besting them. They started spawning them. Low investment. Great fun. And returns too. And it paid to look at from every angle. Even the trivial ones. 

In the travels it looks a bit pointless. It is mostly pointless except for some moments far apart.

And missing moments is my worst nightmare. I still get chills from recalling all the unreal, amazing moments I have missed. But that's the secret of seeing past the game. Let it all scatter.

Picking  ip some samples is simple. Just do some ground work. The theoretical grounds can be spelt out later. Generally our thinking is highly sophisticated. More than we give ourselves credit for.

In the meantime, tv etc also made good revenues. It's,all about survival after all. 


The was an entire generation of people involved in bringing us to this point. But the harsh truth is that every tide breaks. This one will too.


That's why red music. The blues just faded out. The reds raised heads.

And they causes a flood before anyone could even understand what happened. And it was not a pretty sight. In fact not many we're expecting any pretty sights at all. 

That was depressing but it takes a good will to let it scatter, watch it play out and then get to work. Honest work is easy. It the anti tide that has it tough.

That much is clear. So choose your occupation wisely because that is what will kill you. No one wants to die by a deadly knife. I want to die on fluffy pillows and just fade out gently.

Anyways, back to the sky and it's reach.


It had started like any business. You know . People trying to do some good .

Help out in need, when things go bad. But then after generations had passes away and the tide started to break, no one knew what to do. 

But then I had to believe that the initial scatter pattern has to be trusted before embarking in a journey that might alienate me from my loved ones.

Even though regeneration must be amiably regulated, it is the duty of the leader to help. One for all and all for one.

In the case of shops, they started at home. Building a small system that can work and create useful things without serious intervention. 

So therefore they wanted to see past the game first.

But that's not possible if they didn't understand their own selves.

And for anyone to understand themselves, they must realise that the five senses don't matter at all. 

Anything that our senses tell us is not a "reason to live". 

This reason to live is a realisation coming from inside us.

And it comes when your entire existence agrees to it.

You must try to reach it, that's the first step if you want to see past the game.

For me, it was all about letting my losing control, forcing myself into autopilot without even bring sure if an autopilot exists. 

It does. No matter what the game informs you, you will not be shredded to pieces if you stopped playing. An autopilot bare minimum will keep your existence at level you desire. 

So I got myself into that autopilot, opened myself to all opinions, let my intuition and instinct take control and watched.

Lot of pain, agony, despair and time passed. 

But eventually a silver lining emerged. 

It didn't become any easy though. I still had to work hard, sacrifice myself to the cause but at least I was now sure of the occupation that was going to kill me. And it wouldn't give me ulcers or attacks. 

And so it all started. A new league, a new game.

Their obsession with this game was a infectious disease. It infected anyone who met them. 




CHAPTER 2


The job is not tough. The pay is very good too. On days when there is work to do, time passes without one noticing. On days when work is slow or non-existent, I spend my time working on things like writing my book or reading. With the internet, there is a very little chance that one can be bored. Even though the internet service at the office restricts access to several websites, it hardly matters as most serious websites are accessible. All one needs to do is find out interesting stuff. 
A good ebook can help pass those chunks of idle time that one is forced to spend commuting or sitting idly with no work to do.

Many people are under the impression that they must constantly be working. They want to be occupied in meaningful work all the time. When they are unable to do so, they become flustered. The situation is worsened for those who are insecure and have gone a long time without doing anything that got them any recognition or accolades. Laziness makes the situation worse for them because they want to work and succeed yet they find shirk work and dilly dally till it the deadline is in sight. They then have no option but to do a shoddy job and thus compound their problems.

On top of this undercurrent of work related trauma that they suffer, they find themselves slipping on other fronts such as hobbies and family life. Because they are forever thinking of work problems, they are unable to enjoy themselves genuinely. They do not appreciate the company of loved ones, looking upon them as a burden or duty. They are unable to take up any activities outside office hours. Some spend too much time at office, working additional hours either because of their inefficiency or simply pretending to work. Some are so mentally fatigued by the time they reach home that all they can do is drink and watch TV. 

I should mention Prasanna here who works with me. He is a very mild manner person who is deeply religious and has spent most of his life in the same city, living a coccooned family life. He feels an urge to work constantly. The moment he finds himself without anything to do, his conscience pounces on him, ravaging him till he finds someone else who is being tormented by his conscience too. These highly intelligent and capable humans, are blind to reality. They fail to see their circumstances for what they are. They view their existence as a debt to their employer, which they must pay by working every single minute of their lives. 

On the other hand, the present day corporate setup in many countries is such that it encourages such behaviour. Countries like India demand their workers to be at work beyond regular hours, paying them only through high appraisal ratings, sometimes not even that. The concept payment for extra-time is disappearing, replaced by peer pressure to sit in office as long as possible because the bosses are doing the same.

I am not saying that workers should shirk work when there is work. Nor am I saying that they should not be pro-active or self motivated. What I am saying is that during office hours, the entire office should work with tremendous intensity, and anyone not participating should feel left out. But as soon as the hours are up, people should be allowed to return to their families and spend quality time with them.

It is not uncommon to see people shirking work during regular hours, doing redundant activities and wasting time. What good is all that when it means that you have to stay longer and work with a sense of guilt?

It is also very common to see people demarking work. A team is a unit that must treat every member equally and that must mean that the objective of the team should be placed ahead of any personal objective. This should include people refusing to do certain kind of work because it's not in their job description.
A job description should be used when hiring people and be forgotten about when the team is in place. All members of the team must be aware 
